you know sooner or later
you really wear that suit it's not what
you're about to say
remember how talkative you are in the
trunk Adele said you do that when you're
nervous that you kept touching me
feeling my thigh in a nice way
[Music]
no that's sake that you took from me was
special my dad gave it to me for my
birthday yeah
what were you gonna do with me I hadn't
really worked that part out yet all I
knew was that I liked you and I didn't
want to leave you there on the side of
the road and never see you again
then you waved to me in that elevator it
wasn't quite sure you caught I couldn't
believe it by that time I had been
thinking about you a lot and just
wondering would it be like if we met
we can take a timeout
I was think I was thinking the same
thing was I kept thinking what if we
took a timeout if we because just spent
some time together
[Music]
and I saw you on the street we're
outside the Dells
you went to see her warm about you
though so she did help you I don't think
we should get into that
you're right and I won't ask about buddy
or what you guys are doing in Detroit or
if you run into Glenn Michaels yet er
okay don't talk like that because you
scare me
[Music]
let's get out of here